It seems that Ye Wan is like that idiot
Definitely put what I said at the meeting that day
I passed it on to my own
What are you getting together?
No money.
30 billion zero
Sir, it is illegal for you to bid like this.
We increase the price by at least 100 million each time, not
Why is it only one piece?
Are you out of money?
How about this?
Bring your wife to my bed at night
Have fun serving me
Dude, that adds up to 30.10 billion
How come?
Doesn't he have 30 billion? How dare he continue to pay?
Could it be that he has private money?
It's all for today's sake
I have to send 40 billion today
Wow, the price 40 billion
This land is really only worth 100 million.
400 million 50 billion
Shen Yan, don't add it, we don't have so much money.
Don't worry, wife.
I have my own way
Are you looking for death?
50 billion anyone increase the price?
Wait a minute.
I'll make a call.
Mr. Shen, it's me
News of the development of Nancheng by Diyun Group
It's accurate.
Now the industrialists have raised their prices to 50 billion
Then continue to increase the price.
Do I still need to pay for this?
Mr. Shen
I really want to solve your problems.
But I can't come up with that much money right now
If I could have 30 billion now
I promise I will be able to take this land in the southern city
Don't let me down.
The consequences of disappointing me
Don't worry, Mr. Shi knows.
I will definitely take this place today